Update extend-service-ip-ranges.md (#48895)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/network/extend-service-ip-ranges.md

## API

Kubernetes clusters with kube-apiservers that have enabled the `MultiCIDRServiceAllocator`

> [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) and the `networking.k8s.io/v1beta1` API,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) and have the `networking.k8s.io/v1beta1`
API group active,
```
What if you have the alpha API group active? Does that also trigger creation of ServiceCIDR?

> will create a new ServiceCIDR object that takes the well-known name `kubernetes`, and that uses an IP address range

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will create a ServiceCIDR object that takes the well-known name `kubernetes`, and that specifies an IP address range
```
